Brother Dobber.!
If you love paste, and love videos of landfills .. I have wonderful news for you!
There is an abundance ... Putty paste on Lucas and Marcos ... Putty paste on a pizza man ..... Mold paste on the granule
Mold putty on my brother's car
Mold the paste on the granule again
In the hot tub Hmmmmm mud dump on the little sister
The mud mold on a cop develops into a problem .... The Dover Brothers are my favorite channel for the putty paste
They really know how to make a putty mold at the top
But what many do not appreciate for the Dover brothers is their wonderful craft
And their art
In music. 🎵 I will sneak through placing my feet in this chat
🎵 You already want more, and God gave me everything for those who study
Sixty million views, huh?
It's 60 million
60 million
Sixty million mshahada, I want 60 million watch this .... * Explosion * If you are not afraid, hit it like you do not care about 🎵
🎵 You do not bother ... hit it 🎵
🎵If you know that you 🎵 guys, welcome from the future here
Just want to tell you that today you can get a live broadcast panel for $ 99 instead of
149 Wow it's a fantastic deal. I love my .. I think it's a great device
You can basically select any application or function such as OBS, which you used to record on this thing
If you are broadcasting live you will have one of these and their own high capacity so that you can literally put anything in them
If you want to open an application if you want to use the audio panel
It's really really fantastic I would definitely recommend it and are sensitive in this offer your link in the description
Well, continue with the video. Now, if you are nine years old, you can tell the Dubbers Brothers
A little younger here. If you go in the comments say you said the word curse. I am seven years old. This is very irresponsible
I did not say a cursed word in my own district, and a nine-year-old Republican
thank you
But what I find interesting about the Dobbers videos is their mold ... and their attention to detail
In the mold because many people falsify their dumps
But not the Dup brothers. They're beyond that know how to do a great coup
Without lasting with real reactions and real feelings and you really really will feel this
This one called the Mold Mom wake up in the ocean now. We will bring it back ready. Three Two One
With twins and do fuck. Why do we do this to our mother? . This is the best mold ever
They do not lie. This is my favorite favorite of all time
They came up with this strange idea that they would take the hotel's rank
While the mother sleeps, she is clearly asleep and may have been numb
I'm sure m like that .. I say they will pull this ranking Oh what? Well, it looks like it'll fall away oh this was imminent you guys
They decided to take this rank out into the ocean
How can you ask how they brought this to that remote place?
Indoor corridor, do not worry because they do not show that hehehehee
What !
The video is about five minutes in a painful attempt to get this ranking outside the Hehehe hotel
They steal the rank of a hotel
The father really tries to really pull this
Abe I want some views How will they use the rank in the elevator? I
I can not believe she is still asleep. This is incredible. They pulled it all the way from the hotel to the seat
Oh oh god
Are we still here? .... 🎵
🎵 Just for me
🎵 Night 🎵
I can feel my feet
🎵 care ... even my fingers 🎵
🎵 The body has died 🎵
🎵 comrades have mato 🎵
🎵 The nose does not stop 🎵
🎵 It seems like the pain is still there
How I got there I have no idea
Do not you just hate when you fall asleep in a bedroom, a hotel and .....?
Your children carry you through the corridor with your rank,
Learn to be frank
I knew it was a mold
- Oh really ? - What ?
What ? Oh really ?
I knew that
If the boy is turned over!
I really knew it was a mold (the classic double trick) I've taken this step often
We are really sorry as we did not mean harm. Have you laughed?
-What is that? .. -I do not know
Laughter was on you. Dobra and not me nor Malarki, wait what?
Double mold
What just happened? I have seen a better representation on the adult sites of Yale Christ
But the confusing thing about it is that they always turn around
everybody . But no one seems to understand when it's real and when it's fake
You have all this surprise of this person and everyone says ... what?
She is the she is she Hahaha
What are his speeches?
You guys are not funny
Yes, another mold has stopped
Malmer, he shouted? So it seems that he lost his dog, ... yeah, I just run the lights
My dog ​​Romeo and loved it. It's like a god, I do not know
He says that the dog has been gone forever
Romeo Maine I love him. As if it were my father. It was like my son, who I did not notice. Unfortunately
He's dead now
I do not know maybe they still represent. I do not know. I am very confused by this video. They go with him everywhere
They even get some of the security men involved
Yes, keep the lights on and I'll start reporting the cameras about you, and wake up the next day
I will warn you guys about this next passage. It's very humiliating
here we are
I really feel sorry for Cyrus who has been communicating with us all night
But we could not find him and the security guard was outside until 5:00 am
Haha was a security guard outside until 5 am looking for their dog. right Now. We just will
Will look inside
- Oh there it is! - Oh, it 's at the pool house
Romeo
What is he doing there?
Romeowoo
Well, they actually found him hiding his dog? - I do not understand it. I am very confused
I am very confused. It is the same with this video this is the best marriage application in the world
You like, obviously this will be a kind of stupid dumps, right?
- what are you doing ? - I love you
Give me a kiss give me a kiss ..
You are the most wonderful in the world
You are the girl of my dreams
I want to protect you always. I want to protect you and keep you comfortable
I want to give you the world
I want to make you happy every day
If they have a dron fly up
Holds the ring .. The best request for hand marriage in the world, it is a fact like what is real and what is fake?
I do not understand. I need the Debra brothers
Best marriage application in the world. We had a dron fly with the ring
I love you .. Why do not I hear you?
I always love you. I always want to make you feel comfortable and I want to give you the world
* Real voice *
I just love how they understand each other. This
This is the theme Hua
I hope we hope to be fine. I mean, you know, I will not lie though young
Photographic photography and leadership is a difficult process. So be sure not to filming or sending text messages any of these
But because we are in harmony ... we will keep the recording of the film
Do not imagine the phoenix and lead you guys
Leading to the filming of a cockroach with driving. Oh, my God Cyrus is talking to me now
your phone
You may have already watched this video, it's another
Classic Dup brothers have this
They have these extensive arrangements of tools and they have to guess which one is real and which
One fake. The cold is not real because it is metal. Oh
You mean like the way you can just raise it and tell some of them are the chocolate that is the correct chocolate
This one is too heavy
This is real white which is cool, this is my own
Lot I mean they're all the same weight here - that's right
Every person weighs himself like a metal. Everyone knows this
They're all almost the same way. Pretty much here. Our video where they obviously pour mud on a girlfriend
I love seeing the mud on my girlfriends
Hey, what's up, I'm
I knew I knew the video was a fake of their music
I have to say it's the strongest thing to come out with the song for anyone who thinks it does not matter
But this I know you do. Oh
thank you
Let's go. Let's go. I think you are not good enough. Stop thinking that you are so beautiful. Stop thinking that you are not worth it
Stop thinking that you do not like to stop them. Goodbye to people who hate me
you know what?
I admire the Dover brothers is that they do not get a player like rice gum and all those others
They write their own material
I saw you and you yourself are what you really say here
awareness
They realized that you are missing you beautiful you strong will not be too long Oh
Buga-Puja stops
Okubo Kabu Kabu You are beautiful and if you are at this stage you think at least, as you know
They make something that has a deeper meaning, it's a video against bullying. Maybe this is not good
But at least they tried, at least, they were not trying to be like a 10 team. No, no, no, no, no, no
There is more to the brothers. It's about to get a lit remix
Wow they got six nine
Now I own Roy with Spinner's head when I dance on the floor
Falling is the track that already goes back for more. I do not mean to make fun of them
As if they already have problems, such as perhaps they already have autism or what Adam means in choosing people
You know, I'm not trying to refer people here. But what's wrong with them?
I watched his video before I knew who Kashi was
69 And I actually thought it was like doing a good job covering up on his face
Make sure you can not see what I'm wondering about this video. This is 31 million views
Here you are. There you have all that dobre brothers. Now filling up with that amazes me. What is the
The army of children is there on YouTube which will give an abundance of views
Literally anything that looks shiny and fun
These people make it seem easy, at least say you can admire that I do not have anything personal against them I think
It's funny how bad their videos are and they totally went under my radar
These people seem to be creeping out of nowhere. There is always only one new one
Creepy like ... wish you enjoy you guys this video leave like if you have hit this button bel if you are new and
Subscribe to join that fraternity army. Right. We are looking for a new recruit
You must be charmed by my body and soul and I love
* Love is repeated several times, then the shocking ear rape: 3C
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ